Why are you back?
I'm sorry I shouldn't have replied to you.
used to it
positional false abortion
And I know all about wedding matching
It's been so long
I didn't even pay him off.
It's useless to know
Our marriage has come to an end
That is.
The problem between us is not just the distance below
The most important thing is that you don't trust
Then I ask you
About grandma?
You until now
Do you still think I'm the murderer of grandma?
I will go
You until now
I can't say for sure that it's not you.
To put it bluntly, you don't believe it.
Do you want to see
Greenhouse when you were a child
It's my business.
Your father will never fail to come to the company
What's causing the greenhouse is death
But
But what?
As long as a big company buys greenhouses
Greenhouses can still come back to life
Where can I find a big company?
Clean up the mess in the greenhouse
You are married to the president of the Lu Group
You can continue to play if necessary
Lu Jinshan, I will figure it out myself
You go